The new order we envisage is a realization of such an international society,
which we intend to begin by setting up in this part of the world under our leadership.
The pact of alliance, recently concluded by Japan, Germany and Italy, points to the same goal.
It seems to me that this world of ours is too wide political and too narrow economically.
While economic activities should be worldwide and should suffer no limitation,
our political efforts had better be restricted to only those spheres in which we are vitally interested
and not be extended to other people's domains.
If regional peace is effectively skewed through regional understanding,
the world will, by its aggregation, be able to enjoy a universal peace.
This has been my idea all through since the adoption of the Covenant of the League of Nations at the Versailles Conference.
The recent Havana Conference is a case in point, being an attempt to ensure peace and order in the Western Hemisphere through a regional cooperation.